README.md, before:

# ziggurat
a standalone MIDI step sequencer

![Ziggurat Screenshot](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/54d8093fe4b02ef1156307b5/t/5ad45c9a03ce641bc8be47c2/1523866799332/ziggurat_20180416.png)

## Build Instructions

```
git clone https://github.com/chronopoulos/ziggurat
cd ziggurat
git submodule init && git submodule update
qmake
make
./bin/ziggurat
```

## Basic Usage

Ziggurat starts up with 3 empty groups, represented by the 3 rectangles near the
top of the main window. To add a sequence, right-click on a group, choose "Add
Sequence", choose a sequence name and length and click "OK".

Along the bottom of the window, you will find the Button-Row Editor, where you
can enter notes by clicking on the buttons. The default note has MIDI value 60
(middle C) and velocity 100. To change this, mouse-wheel over the button. You
can switch between editing note value or velocity using the dropdown menu in
the Row Editor.

In the Transport section (middle-left), you can set the tempo, start,
stop, and pause the sequencer. Hitting spacebar toggles start/stop. Each
sequence has a set of parameters (Name, Tranpose, MIDI channel, etc.) which can
be edited in the Config section (middle-right).

Sessions can be saved (Ctrl-S) to project files, which can later be re-opened
(Ctrl-O). The file format is stadard JSON, with file extension \*.zig

Commit message:

implement Shift+mousewheel for accelerated note editing

README.md, after:

# ziggurat
a standalone MIDI step sequencer

![Ziggurat Screenshot](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/54d8093fe4b02ef1156307b5/t/5ad45c9a03ce641bc8be47c2/1523866799332/ziggurat_20180416.png)

## Build Instructions

```
git clone https://github.com/chronopoulos/ziggurat
cd ziggurat
git submodule init && git submodule update
qmake
make
./bin/ziggurat
```

## Basic Usage

Ziggurat starts up with 3 empty groups, represented by the 3 rectangles near the
top of the main window. To add a sequence, right-click on a group, choose "Add
Sequence", choose a sequence name and length and click "OK".

Along the bottom of the window, you will find the Button-Row Editor, where you
can enter notes by clicking on the buttons. The default note has MIDI value 60
(middle C) and velocity 100. To change this, mouse-wheel over the button;
holding Shift will increase the rate of change. You can switch between editing
note value or velocity using the dropdown menu in the Row Editor.

In the Transport section (middle-left), you can set the tempo, start,
stop, and pause the sequencer. Hitting spacebar toggles start/stop. Each
sequence has a set of parameters (Name, Tranpose, MIDI channel, etc.) which can
be edited in the Config section (middle-right).

Sessions can be saved (Ctrl-S) to project files, which can later be re-opened
(Ctrl-O). The file format is stadard JSON, with file extension \*.zig
